Since the first release of the Fifth-generation network by 3GPP, a wide number of studies have already been carried out in order to cover the lacks related to 5G new technology. While up to 4G technology the architecture was hardware-based, which puts the limits on the performance of the network, the 5G technology has been designed according to a service-based aprroach. Like 4G, 5G networks consist in a Radio Access Network (RAN) and a Core Network (CN). The innovation introduced in 5G technology is the possibility of splitting both the 5G RAN, called New Radio (NR), and the CN into different entities that can be also virtualized. Due to the service-based architecture (SBA) the CN is decouples into independent services, called network function (NF), that implement diffent functionalities. Morover, to enable agility and scalability in network deployment and operation, the User Plane and Control Plane Separation strategy was used. While the first one consists of only one NF, called User Plane Function (UPF), the second consists of multiple NFs that cooperate to ensure the network functionality. The main feature introduces by NR RAN is the possibility of splitting layers of the 3GPP stack into two different logical units, called Central Unit (CU) and Distributed Unit (DU), which can be deployed at separate locations. Morover, the lower part of the physical layer can be separated from the DU in a standalone Radio Unit (RU). This kind of architecture enables the Open RAN approach, also known as Software Defined Radio (SDR), which defines open and standardized interfaces among the elements of the disaggragated RAN and enable to install open-source radio software on Universal Software Radio Peripherals (USRP), like OpenAirInterface (OAI). As 5G is moving to cloud-native systems, installing a 5G testbed in a container-based environment is needed. Docker Compose and Kubernetes are two popular container orchestration frameworks that can be used for this scope. For example, the OAI 5G Core Network solution, that is an open-source implementation of the 5G Standalone (SA) CN based on 3GPP, can be deployed in a Docker-based environment using Docker Compose. The container-based techniques and methodologies performed in a cloud-native manner bring significant benefits of virtualization and containerization to 5G applications, supporting better flexibility and scalability. In addition, these kinds of techniques allows deploying the entire system easily using a single configuration file. The use of 5G open-source project for researchs allows to build a private/lab-scale 5G network system without having expensive radio and end-device equipement. The adoption of open-source solutions offers significant cost benefits, eliminating licesing fees and allowing for the use of commercial off-the-shelf hardware (COTS). In this context, Firecell Labikit is a simple and ready-to-use solution providing private and customized 4G/5G networks with COTS UE. It is based on the containerized deployment of OAI 5G CN and NR. That solution focus on simplicity, flexibility and scalability, providing a Platform for various 5G use cases such as industrial IoT, smart cities, and more. 